chore: add notice to readme (#113)
Wiredcraft/loopback-connector-couchbase3: README.md

## How to use

### Install

```
npm install loopback-connector-couchbasex --save
```

> ### Notice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Caveat
```

- Model's function `update` play the same role as `updateAttributes` which cause by `loopback-datasource-juggler`.

`PUT` and `PATCH` both do the same thing that merge incoming data with current record.

 ```
 update = Object.assign(current, incoming)
 ```

Discussion of `update` and `updateAttribetes` , see: [https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/loopbackjs/-1jarvOuh8k](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/loopbackjs/-1jarvOuh8k)

- since version 1.0.0 the default vaule of  `stale` was set to `ok` in viewQuery.

> If the update condition field isn't `id`  you must put `stale` in `options` parameter to make sure you get the correct data, like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the update condition field isn't `id`  you might need to set `stale` in `options` parameter to make sure you get the latest data if you have a strong need of data instant consistency, like:
```

Author: I think `stale` must be set to 1 in a write operation. Otherwise, the dirty read and dirty write would happen.

Reviewer: k, I got you, you are talking about `write`, LGTM.
